{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Macola Apple Solution Expert\
\
2013 | Website | Visual Identity | TV Commercial | Print Ads\
\
Macola was a big client for us. They wanted us to change way that customers see them. They are known for being an authority on Apple products, but they wanted visitors to know they also make professional equipment, the fastest RAID in the world, three service locations etc.\
\
So, we did a complete visual identity, with the website as the epicenter of the change. (Also i have to mention we also made their previous website in 2011) So, we decided to change the company logo, print out new ads, new cards and to do a completely new website, with an ecommerce solution. We also printed the ads for them and even made two TV commercials!\
\
The main problem for us was how to solve the navigation. The company deals in many different areas and the new website had so much content, so we decided listen to advice of my University professor and NOT to be innovative with the navigation. This ended up as a very usable 283 category navigation.\
\
The website is based on Wordpress as a backend. We used HTML5, PHP, AJAX and jQuery. We made a completely tailor made system using ACF, so that the regular salesman can change the data on-the-fly. The whole website passed W3C checks and was semantically written and SEO optimized.}